

# Template Workshop: An opinionated setup for making workshops as open educational resources

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.16979956.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.16979956)
[![Copier](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/copier-org/copier/master/img/badge/badge-grayscale-inverted-border-teal.json?raw=true.svg)](https://github.com/copier-org/copier)
[![GitHub
License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/rostools/template-workshop)](https://github.com/rostools/template-workshop/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
[![GitHub
Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/rostools/template-workshop.svg)](https://github.com/rostools/template-workshop/releases/latest)
[![Test](https://github.com/rostools/template-workshop/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rostools/template-workshop/actions/workflows/test.yml)
[![Build
website](https://github.com/rostools/template-workshop/actions/workflows/build-website.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rostools/template-workshop/actions/workflows/build-website.yml)
[![pre-commit.ci
status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/rostools/template-workshop/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/rostools/template-workshop/main)
[![lifecycle](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/figures/lifecycle-experimental.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![Project Status: Active – The project has reached a stable, usable
state and is being actively
developed.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active)

This repository contains a template for setting up a new workshop
repository that will contain files to create a website for a workshop
and that might also be used as an open educational resource (OER). Use
this template to quickly get started with a new workshop with all the
necessary files and configurations in place for a smoother “developer
experience” and to have [continuous
delivery/deployment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_delivery)
of the workshop website and archival to Zenodo.

Check out our [website](https://template-workshop.rostools.org/) for
more information, such as the features it provides, a
[guide](https://template-workshop.rostools.org/docs/guide/) for using
the template. For a list of changes, see our
[changelog](https://template-workshop.rostools.org/docs/releases/) page.

## Contributing

Check out our [contributing document](CONTRIBUTING.md) for information
on how to contribute to the project, including how to set up your
development environment.

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of
Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree
to abide by its terms.

### Contributors

These are the people who have contributed by submitting changes through
pull requests :tada:

[@lwjohnst86](https://github.com/lwjohnst86),
[@signekb](https://github.com/signekb)

## Licensing

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md).

## Citing

This project is part of rostools, which is an organisation that hosts
and runs workshops (also as open educational resources) that are related
in some way to doing reproducible and open science. If you use this
project in your work, please cite it as follows:

Johnston L.W., Brødbæk S.K. (2025). Template Workshop: An opinionated
setup for making workshops as open educational resources DOI:
10.5281/zenodo.16979956 URL: https://template-workshop.rostools.org

Or as a BibTeX entry:

    @misc{YourReferenceHere,
    author = {Johnston, Luke William and Brødbæk, Signe Kirk},
    doi = {10.5281/zenodo.16979956},
    month = {8},
    title = {Template Workshop: An opinionated setup for making workshops as open educational resources},
    url = {https://template-workshop.rostools.org},
    year = {2025}
    }
